docs: add DR for the new release process (#206)
eclipse-edc/docs: developer/decision-records/2024-08-26-new-release-process/README.md

# New Release process

## Decision

The EDC release process needs to be improved to support bugfix releases.

## Rationale

Currently, the Release process starts from the main branch of every repository and it can be launched only for proper releases.
For bugfix releases, some manual work needs to be done, that should be avoided.

## Approach

> With "core repositories" we mean:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By "core repositories" we mean:
```

- `Runtime-Metamodel`
- `GradlePlugins`
- `Connector`
- `IdentityHub`
- `FederatedCatalog`

Release EDC components should follow a 2-phase process like it was done for [technology repos](../2024-08-13-technology-repos-release):
- preparation
- release

### Preparation phase

> With "release preparation" we mean all the operations needed to be done upfront to permit a proper release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bt "release preparation" we mean all the preparatory operations that are needed to permit a proper release.
```

> The workflow will take in input the desired version and the branch to use as starting point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow will take as input the desired version and the branch name to use as starting point.
```
